Update readme to match gitbook (#117)
nucypher/nucypher-ts: README.md

 A TypeScript library for interacting with access control functionality in the browser.

 Full Documentation can be found [here](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac).

> :warning: 
> `nucypher-ts` is under [active development](https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher-ts/pulls).
>
> SDK does not support policy revocation.
>
> We expect breaking changes.

> # Get Started with TAC

Reviewer: Introduce acronym before usage. See subsequent suggestion.

```suggestion
# Get Started with Threshold Access Control
```

The following interactive tutorial is a quick way for developers to familiarize themselves with the Threshold Access Control service. Before jumping into the following, we recommend reading this introduction to [Conditions Based decryption](https://docs.threshold.network/fundamentals/threshold-access-control/conditions-based-decryption-cbd) and its key concepts. CBD is the primary technology underpinning Threshold Access Control and directly enables data sharing predicated on the fulfillment of predefined conditions.

## 1. Install nucypher-ts

> We'll kick things off by installing `nucypher-ts` – a TypeScript library for interacting with access control functionality in the browser. The APIs for leveraging most TAC functionality are contained in nucypher-ts.

Reviewer: Is it "most TAC fuctionality" or all of it. What's missing?

```suggestion
We'll kick things off by installing `nucypher-ts` – a TypeScript library for employing access control functionality in the browser. The APIs for leveraging TAC functionality are contained in nucypher-ts.
```

Author: not sure, i copied this from the gitbook

```
yarn add @nucypher/nucypher-ts
```

## 2. Build a Cohort

Next, we'll parametrize a _Cohort_ to correspond to our risk preferences. Cohort objects delineate the group of independent nodes that will collectively provide access control service to a given data sharing flow. _Threshold_ and _Shares_ are two parameters used to construct a Cohort. For example, a `3-of-5` Cohort requires responses – the delivery of shares – from a minimum of 3 out of a total of 5 Cohort members in order to reconstruct the original plaintext data.

We generate a Cohort object by:

```javascript
import { Cohort } from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts';

const config = {
  threshold: 3,
  shares: 5,

>   porterUri: 'https://porter-lynx.nucypher.community',

Reviewer: Should we be pointing people to `porter-tapir` instead? Lynx is our bleeding edge, experimental testnet.

```suggestion
  porterUri: 'https://porter-tapir.nucypher.community',
```

};
const newCohort = await Cohort.create(config);
```

> Notice that we have also provided a `porterUri`. **Porter is a web-based service that interacts with nodes on the network on behalf of applications – an "Infura for TAC".** In this example, we've chosen a `lynx` (testnet) Porter endpoint.

Reviewer: You can link to the `nucypher-porter` repos - https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher-porter.

## 3. Create Conditions

> We will now specify the conditions on which data access will be predicated – i.e. what will the data requester need to prove in order to gain decryption rights. In this tutorial, nodes will check that the requester owns a specific ERC721 NFT:

Reviewer: Made a similar comment in Manu's gitbook change request - should we point out that ERC721Ownership object is wrapper that ultimately utilizes the ERC721 `ownerOf` function? It would provide more context to what the condition is doing, and explain the reason for the `parameters`

Author: It's covered in more detail on the conditions page https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references/conditions#conditions.erc721ownership

Reviewer 2: I've added a note which also directs people to the Conditions reference page

Reviewer: Manu has made some changes (not yet merged) to the wording in this regard as well - https://app.gitbook.com/o/R2meumXNNad4y1B10iL7/s/WosjlL4zUGUMlcMfuSAp/~/changes/9qUH3dwSnLSjWbz13dlr/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/get-started-with-tac

```javascript
import { Conditions } from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts';

> const NFTOwnership = new Conditions.ERC721Ownership({

Reviewer: Noticed this in Manu's gitbook change as well. Is there a reason that ERC721Ownership takes a dict instead of just parameters?

Reviewer: ^ (cc @piotr-roslaniec as well)

Reviewer: > prevents misuse (like messing up the ordering of parameters).

Not sure I grasp the misuse/ordering concern/resolution - interested to understand this a bit more. Could you elaborate?

From a high-level, it seems cumbersome that a dict needs to be provided to a constructor for something that's a convenience wrapper (all configuration values don't explicitly need to be provided)...as opposed to using individual parameters. The individual parameters are simply entries from the dict.

Basically the difference would be doing something like this instead:
```
new Conditions.ERC721Ownership(
    contractAddress=...,
    chain=...,
    parameters=[...],
)
```

> we initially assumed that all conditions are JSONs and we validate their structure based on that.

The *full* definition of a condition is JSON - and presumably that's what the `fromJSON(...)` method, and private constructors on the base condition classes were for.

However, for the constructor of a convenience wrapper that takes incomplete inputs (because the rest is added in the backgrounds), it can presumably generate the JSON anyway in its underlying constructor, and then validate everything appropriately.

Reviewer 3: It's not possible to pass named parameters in JS/TS.
So a JS/TS equivalent of this code
```
new Conditions.ERC721Ownership(
    contractAddress=...,
    chain=...,
    parameters=[...],
)
```
would be
```
new Conditions.ERC721Ownership({
    contractAddress: ...,
    chain: ...,
    parameters: [...],
})
```

> (...) it can presumably generate the JSON anyway in its underlying constructor, and then validate everything appropriately?

Yes, it's possible. I'm not hellbent on this design. We don't expose schemas, only validation methods. So the only way to generate a correct condition is to try to make one. Also, notice how JS users don't take advantage of typing.

Reviewer: Thanks for the background info. Clearly I need to brush up on my ts/js 😅 .

  contractAddress: '0xBC4CA0EdA7647A8aB7C2061c2E118A18a936f13D',
  chain: 5, // tapir uses the Goerli testnet
  parameters: [5954],
});
```

> Note that there are other Condition [types](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references/conditions), and it is possible to compose and combine multiple Condition objects into a [_ConditionSet_](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references/condition-set)_:_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that `ERC721Ownership` above serves as a wrapper function. The ERC 721 `ownerOf` contract method is what actually finds a `tokenID` and returns the owner's address, such that it can be compared with the requestor's signature. For help customizing the wrapper function, see the [References](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references/conditions#conditions.erc721ownership) section of the full documentation. 

Note that there are other Condition [types](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references/conditions), and it is possible to compose and combine multiple Condition objects into a [_ConditionSet_](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references/condition-set)_:_
```

```javascript
import { Conditions, ConditionSet } from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts';

const conditions = new ConditionSet([NFTOwnership]);
```

In this tutorial, we'll only specify a single Condition to access the data.

## 5. Build a Strategy

We now bundle the Cohort, ConditionSet, and any other extra parameters into a [_Strategy_](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references/strategy)_:_

```javascript
import { Strategy } from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts';

const newStrategy = Strategy.create(
  newCohort,
  conditions
);
```

Next, we deploy this Strategy to the Threshold Network.
In order to make this more affordable, deployments are handled by a L2, in this case we use Polygon Mumbai:

```typescript
import detectEthereumProvider from '@metamask/detect-provider';
import providers from 'ethers';

const MMprovider = await detectEthereumProvider();
const mumbai = providers.providers.getNetwork(80001);

if (MMprovider) {
  const web3Provider = new providers.providers.Web3Provider(
    MMprovider,
    mumbai
  );

>   const newDeployed = await newStrategy.deploy('test', web3Provider);

Reviewer: Perhaps we should clarify what the value 'test' is used for?

Author: this is an artefact of building ontop of PRE, so it's not actually used for anything. Do we think it will be used with DKG?

Reviewer: 🤔 (cc @KPrasch , @cygnusv )

} 
```

> > :warning: Deploying a Strategy requires writing to the blockchain. This requires a funded wallet and connection to the blockchain via a `provider`(e.g. MetaMask).

Reviewer: Should we clarify funded means Matic/Mumbai Matic?

## 6. Encrypt the plaintext

We're now able to encrypt data to this newly deployed Strategy – which implies future access to this data will be based on ownership of the previously specified NFT, and nothing else. We'll now encrypt a plaintext using the encryptor object:

```javascript
const encrypter = newDeployed.encrypter;

const plaintext = 'this is a secret';
const encryptedMessageKit = encrypter.encryptMessage(plaintext);
```

## 7. Request decryption rights

Finally, we'll test the access control service by submitting a request to the network:

```javascript
const decrypter = newDeployed.decrypter;

const decryptedMessage = await decrypter.retrieveAndDecrypt([
  encryptedMessageKit,
]);
```

At decryption time, the requester will be asked to verify their address by signing a message in MetaMask. If they own the correct NFT, the message will decrypt successfully.

For more guidance on Cohort, Condition and Strategy object reuse and customization, check out the [References](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references) page.

# Contributing

> If you would like to get involved with the development of `nucypher-ts`, please see our [Contributing Guide](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/contribution-guide).

Reviewer: We should put this "Contribution Guide" as a sub-page under the `Threshold Access Control` section in gitbook, and not its own section.

Reviewer: On second thought, it's unclear to me that the Contribution Guide in the threshold docs is correct. Currentlym it only provides information about `nucypher-ts`, but TAC involves:
- `nucypher`
- `nucypher-ts`
- `nucypher-core`
- `nucypher-porter`

Unless that contributing page in the threshold docs is going to be updated, perhaps just add a [contributing guide](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors) to the `nucypher-ts` repos, and link to it.

It is good to have contributing guides in the repos, since this where devs live. The Threshold Docs can perhaps provide a general overview of stuff for TAC and link out to the contribution guides in the various repos...?

(cc @arjunhassard )

Author: sure, i like that

## 1. Install nucypher-ts

We'll kick things off by installing `nucypher-ts` – a TypeScript library for employing access control functionality in the browser. The APIs for leveraging TAC functionality are contained in nucypher-ts.

```
yarn add @nucypher/nucypher-ts
```

## 2. Build a Cohort

Next, we'll parametrize a _Cohort_ to correspond to our risk preferences. Cohort objects delineate the group of independent nodes that will collectively provide access control service to a given data sharing flow. _Threshold_ and _Shares_ are two parameters used to construct a Cohort. For example, a `3-of-5` Cohort requires responses – the delivery of shares – from a minimum of 3 out of a total of 5 Cohort members in order to reconstruct the original plaintext data.

We generate a Cohort object by:

```javascript
import { Cohort } from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts';

const config = {
  threshold: 3,
  shares: 5,
  porterUri: 'https://porter-tapir.nucypher.community',
};
const newCohort = await Cohort.create(config);
```

> Notice that we have also provided a `porterUri`. **Porter is a web-based service that interacts with nodes on the network on behalf of applications – an "Infura for TAC".** In this example, we've chosen a `tapir` (testnet) [Porter](https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher-porter) endpoint.

Reviewer: Let's put the link earlier, so it's less of an afterthought.

```suggestion
Notice that we have also provided a `porterUri`. **[Porter](https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher-porter) is a web-based service that interacts with nodes on the network on behalf of applications – an "Infura for TAC".** In this example, we've chosen a Porter endpoint for the `tapir` testnet.
```

Full Documentation can be found [here](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac).

> # Get Started with TAC

Reviewer 3: The new "tutorial section" of README looks very similar to the one in [Threshold docs](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/get-started-with-tac). Is it intended?

Author: yes, I wanted to include the basic tutorial from the gitbook because it's a good introduction. The links throughout the readme then link to more detailed information from the gitbook.

# Get Started with TAC

> Communicate with NuCypher network from browser.

Reviewer 3: This line is not up to date with what `nucypher-ts` is doing, nevertheless, I would prefer to have a brief one-line description of what this project does in README.

The following interactive tutorial is a quick way for developers to familiarize themselves with the Threshold Access Control service. Before jumping into the following, we recommend reading this introduction to [Conditions Based decryption](https://docs.threshold.network/fundamentals/threshold-access-control/conditions-based-decryption-cbd) and its key concepts. CBD is the primary technology underpinning Threshold Access Control and directly enables data sharing predicated on the fulfillment of predefined conditions.

## Disclaimer
## 1. Install nucypher-ts

**This is a work in progress**
We'll kick things off by installing `nucypher-ts` – a TypeScript library for interacting with access control functionality in the browser. The APIs for leveraging most TAC functionality are contained in nucypher-ts.

- SDK does not support policy revocation.

> - We expect breaking changes.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to get rid of this disclaimer?

Reviewer 3: I see there is a new disclaimer [a few lines below](https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher-ts/pull/117/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R15).

```javascript
import { Conditions, ConditionSet } from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts';

const conditions = new ConditionSet([NFTOwnership]);
```

In this tutorial, we'll only specify a single Condition to access the data.

## 5. Build a Strategy

We now bundle the Cohort, ConditionSet, and any other extra parameters into a [_Strategy_](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references/strategy)_:_

```javascript
import { Strategy } from '@nucypher/nucypher-ts';

const newStrategy = Strategy.create(
  newCohort,
  conditions
);
```

Next, we deploy this Strategy to the Threshold Network:

```typescript
import detectEthereumProvider from '@metamask/detect-provider';
import providers from 'ethers';

const MMprovider = await detectEthereumProvider();
const goerli = providers.providers.getNetwork('Goerli');

if (MMprovider) {
  const web3Provider = new providers.providers.Web3Provider(
    MMprovider,

>     goerli

Reviewer 3: Does Goerli have `SubscriptionManager` contract deployed? Has this code been tested (or ran) recently?

Author: that's a good point, payments are actually turned off for goerli at the moment. I will add some wording that explains this

Reviewer 4: Since it's meant to target L2 for affordable subscriptions `SubscriptionManager` is only deployed to Polygon Mainnet and Polygon/Mumbai.

## 6. Encrypt the plaintext

We're now able to encrypt data to this newly deployed Strategy – which implies future access to this data will be based on ownership of the previously specified NFT, and nothing else. We'll now encrypt a plaintext using the encryptor object:

```javascript
const encrypter = newDeployed.encrypter;

const plaintext = 'this is a secret';
const encryptedMessageKit = encrypter.encryptMessage(plaintext);
```

## 7. Request decryption rights

Finally, we'll test the access control service by submitting a request to the network:

```javascript
const decrypter = newDeployed.decrypter;

const decryptedMessage = await decrypter.retrieveAndDecrypt([
  encryptedMessageKit,
]);
```

At decryption time, the requester will be asked to verify their address by signing a message in MetaMask. If they own the correct NFT, the message will decrypt successfully.

For more guidance on Cohort, Condition and Strategy object reuse and customization, check out the [References](https://docs.threshold.network/app-development/threshold-access-control-tac/references) page.

> # Contributing

Reviewer 3: We could move this section to a separate [CONTRIBUTING file](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors).
